The English dictionary presented here is the Official Scrabble Word List circa 2016 (OWL2016) which was the official NASPA dictionary used in North America, as opposed to SOWPODS, which is a larger (mind you, larger does not mean better) dictionary used for tournaments outside North America.

The reason this particular dictionary was chosen is because this lexicon represents the last iteration before apocryphal -- and frankly absurd -- definitions started creeping their way into the official word list. Many of the words in the current dictionary already feel like a stretch (keep in mind, at one point in Scrabble history, "aa" and "qi" were controversial in their own right!), and in the opinion of yours truly, the last thing we need are more nonsense words that are barely clinging on to the annals of linguistics. No matter what these new generations tell you, "LOL" and "OK" are not -- and will NEVER be -- playable words, and anyone who argues otherwise needs to take a good read to Scrabble or Boggle's instruction manual to see what constitutes a valid word and what doesn't.

Most importantly, this version of the dictionary was just before they started removing "offensive" words from official gameplay. I would like to let that sink in. Imagine *politics* making their way into Scrabble (and consequently, Boggle) for fear of hurting liberal sensitivities and staying on trend with "woke" culture. Valuable words (in terms of gameplay, of course) like JEW, WOG, GINZO, etc were completely retconned from further dictionary iterations, sparking controversy among crossword game enthusiasts. This version represents a checkpoint before such chaos ensued.

Of course, this comes at a cost, since some of the words that were added right after this version (for example, and most notably - ZEN, as well as EMOJI, FACEPALM, BITCOIN) were not yet present in this 2016 edition. It is very tempting to cherrypick useful words and append them to this dictionary, but I have refrained from doing so. For reference, this dictionary came out just after GEOCACHE was featured as a new inclusion. Not all is so simple, though, since this version sadly does feature a small but significant share of what I would call "brainrot" words. YEZ, SEZ, WUZ, XED, among others were somehow canonized in this version of the word list, and mysteriously, feature no definition. The controversial nature of these words have given them a very "gray area" status among competitive players, and the decision between removing these words or letting them stay is equally difficult. I have decided to simply not touch the dictionary and let the dubious words be, the only modification done to this dictionary has been a special note in lieu of an absent definition for these strange words.

tl;dr I consider this to be the version of the dictionary that strikes a fine balance between modernity and absurdity, and would love to make it my mission for fellow enthusiasts to follow suit on baptizing this as the definitive Scrabble players' dictionary.